.TH "QwtCPointerData" 3 "24 May 2008" "Version 5.1.1" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtCPointerData \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBQwtData\fP.
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Data class containing two pointers to memory blocks of doubles. 
.PP
Definition at line 144 of file qwt_data.h.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtCPointerData\fP (const double *x, const double *y, size_t size)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtCPointerData\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (const \fBQwtCPointerData\fP &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBQwtData\fP * \fBcopy\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual size_t \fBsize\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual double \fBx\fP (size_t i) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual double \fBy\fP (size_t i) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const double * \fBxData\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const double * \fByData\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBQwtDoubleRect\fP \fBboundingRect\fP () const"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtCPointerData::QwtCPointerData (const double * x, const double * y, size_t size)"
.PP
Constructor
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIx\fP Array of x values 
.br
\fIy\fP Array of y values 
.br
\fIsize\fP Size of the x and y arrays
.RE
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
The programmer must assure that the memory blocks referenced by the pointers remain valid during the lifetime of the QwtPlotCPointer object.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlotCurve::setData()\fP, \fBQwtPlotCurve::setRawData()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 281 of file qwt_data.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by copy().
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBQwtCPointerData\fP & QwtCPointerData::operator= (const \fBQwtCPointerData\fP &)"
.PP
Assignment. 
.PP
Definition at line 290 of file qwt_data.cpp.
.PP
References d_size, d_x, and d_y.
.SS "\fBQwtData\fP * QwtCPointerData::copy () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Pointer to a copy (virtual copy constructor) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtData\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 344 of file qwt_data.cpp.
.PP
References QwtCPointerData().
.SS "size_t QwtCPointerData::size () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Size of the data set 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtData\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 302 of file qwt_data.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by boundingRect().
.SS "double QwtCPointerData::x (size_t i) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Return the x value of data point i
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIi\fP Index 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
x X value of data point i 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtData\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 313 of file qwt_data.cpp.
.SS "double QwtCPointerData::y (size_t i) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Return the y value of data point i
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIi\fP Index 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
y Y value of data point i 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtData\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 324 of file qwt_data.cpp.
.SS "const double * QwtCPointerData::xData () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Array of the x-values 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 330 of file qwt_data.cpp.
.SS "const double * QwtCPointerData::yData () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Array of the y-values 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 336 of file qwt_data.cpp.
.SS "\fBQwtDoubleRect\fP QwtCPointerData::boundingRect () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Returns the bounding rectangle of the data. If there is no bounding rect, like for empty data the rectangle is invalid: QwtDoubleRect::isValid() == false 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtData\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 354 of file qwt_data.cpp.
.PP
References size().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
