.TH "QwtLegendItem" 3 "24 May 2008" "Version 5.1.1" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtLegendItem \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBQwtTextLabel\fP.
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A legend label. 

\fBQwtLegendItem\fP represents a curve on a legend. It displays an curve identifier with an explaining text. The identifier might be a combination of curve symbol and line. In readonly mode it behaves like a label, otherwise like an unstylish push button.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtLegend\fP, \fBQwtPlotCurve\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 35 of file qwt_legend_item.h.
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBIdentifierMode\fP { \fBNoIdentifier\fP =  0, \fBShowLine\fP =  1, \fBShowSymbol\fP =  2, \fBShowText\fP =  4 }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Slots"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetChecked\fP (bool on)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Signals"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBclicked\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBpressed\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBreleased\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBchecked\fP (bool)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtLegendItem\fP (QWidget *parent=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtLegendItem\fP (const \fBQwtSymbol\fP &, const QPen &, const \fBQwtText\fP &, QWidget *parent=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtLegendItem\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetText\fP (const \fBQwtText\fP &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetItemMode\fP (\fBQwtLegend::LegendItemMode\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtLegend::LegendItemMode\fP \fBitemMode\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetIdentifierMode\fP (int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBidentifierMode\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetIdentfierWidth\fP (int width)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBidentifierWidth\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetSpacing\fP (int spacing)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBspacing\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetSymbol\fP (const \fBQwtSymbol\fP &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtSymbol\fP & \fBsymbol\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetCurvePen\fP (const QPen &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const QPen & \fBcurvePen\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdrawIdentifier\fP (QPainter *, const QRect &) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdrawItem\fP (QPainter *p, const QRect &) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QSize \fBsizeHint\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisChecked\fP () const"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetDown\fP (bool)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisDown\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBpaintEvent\fP (QPaintEvent *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBmousePressEvent\fP (QMouseEvent *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBmouseReleaseEvent\fP (QMouseEvent *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBkeyPressEvent\fP (QKeyEvent *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBkeyReleaseEvent\fP (QKeyEvent *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdrawText\fP (QPainter *, const QRect &)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Member Enumeration Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBQwtLegendItem::IdentifierMode\fP"
.PP
Identifier mode. 
.PP
Default is ShowLine | ShowText 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtLegendItem::identifierMode\fP, \fBQwtLegendItem::setIdentifierMode\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 47 of file qwt_legend_item.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtLegendItem::QwtLegendItem (QWidget * parent = \fC0\fP)\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIparent\fP Parent widget 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 80 of file qwt_legend_item.cpp.
.SS "QwtLegendItem::QwtLegendItem (const \fBQwtSymbol\fP & symbol, const QPen & curvePen, const \fBQwtText\fP & text, QWidget * parent = \fC0\fP)\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsymbol\fP Curve symbol 
.br
\fIcurvePen\fP Curve pen 
.br
\fItext\fP Label text 
.br
\fIparent\fP Parent widget 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 93 of file qwt_legend_item.cpp.
.PP
References QwtSymbol::clone(), symbol(), and QwtTextLabel::text().
.SS "QwtLegendItem::~QwtLegendItem ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 116 of file qwt_legend_item.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void QwtLegendItem::setText (const \fBQwtText\fP & text)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Set the text to the legend item
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItext\fP Text label 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtTextLabel::text()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtTextLabel\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 128 of file qwt_legend_item.cpp.
.PP
References QwtText::setRenderFlags(), QwtTextLabel::setText(), and QwtTextLabel::text().
.SS "void QwtLegendItem::setItemMode (\fBQwtLegend::LegendItemMode\fP mode)"
.PP
Set the item mode The default is QwtLegend::ReadOnlyItem
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImode\fP Item mode 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBitemMode()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 150 of file qwt_legend_item.cpp.
.PP
References QwtTextLabel::setMargin().
.SS "\fBQwtLegend::LegendItemMode\fP QwtLegendItem::itemMode () const"
.PP
Return the item mode
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetItemMode()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 169 of file qwt_legend_item.cpp.
.SS "void QwtLegendItem::setIdentifierMode (int mode)"
.PP
Set identifier mode. Default is ShowLine | ShowText. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImode\fP Or'd values of IdentifierMode
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBidentifierMode()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 181 of file qwt_legend_item.cpp.
.SS "int QwtLegendItem::identifierMode () const"
.PP
Or'd values of IdentifierMode. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetIdentifierMode()\fP, \fBIdentifierMode\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 194 of file qwt_legend_item.cpp.
.SS "void QwtLegendItem::setIdentfierWidth (int width)"
.PP
Set the width for the identifier Default is 8 pixels
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIwidth\fP New width
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBidentifierMode()\fP, \fBidentifierWidth\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 207 of file qwt_legend_item.cpp.
.PP
References QwtTextLabel::margin(), and QwtTextLabel::setIndent().
.SS "int QwtLegendItem::identifierWidth () const"
.PP
Return the width of the identifier
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetIdentfierWidth\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 222 of file qwt_legend_item.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by drawItem().
.SS "void QwtLegendItem::setSpacing (int spacing)"
.PP
Change the spacing 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIspacing\fP Spacing 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBspacing()\fP, \fBidentifierWidth()\fP, \fBQwtTextLabel::margin()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 232 of file qwt_legend_item.cpp.
.PP
References QwtTextLabel::margin(), and QwtTextLabel::setIndent().
.SS "int QwtLegendItem::spacing () const"
.PP
Return the spacing 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetSpacing()\fP, \fBidentifierWidth()\fP, \fBQwtTextLabel::margin()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 247 of file qwt_legend_item.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by drawItem().
.SS "void QwtLegendItem::setSymbol (const \fBQwtSymbol\fP & symbol)"
.PP
Set curve symbol. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsymbol\fP Symbol
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsymbol()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 258 of file qwt_legend_item.cpp.
.PP
References QwtSymbol::clone(), and symbol().
.SS "const \fBQwtSymbol\fP & QwtLegendItem::symbol () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The curve symbol. 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetSymbol()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 269 of file qwt_legend_item.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtLegendItem(), and setSymbol().
.SS "void QwtLegendItem::setCurvePen (const QPen & pen)"
.PP
Set curve pen. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpen\fP Curve pen
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBcurvePen()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 281 of file qwt_legend_item.cpp.
.SS "const QPen & QwtLegendItem::curvePen () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The curve pen. 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetCurvePen()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 294 of file qwt_legend_item.cpp.
.SS "void QwtLegendItem::drawIdentifier (QPainter * painter, const QRect & rect) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Paint the identifier to a given rect. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIrect\fP Rect where to paint 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 304 of file qwt_legend_item.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPainter::drawLine(), QwtPainter::metricsMap(), and QwtMetricsMap::screenToLayout().
.PP
Referenced by drawItem(), and paintEvent().
.SS "void QwtLegendItem::drawItem (QPainter * painter, const QRect & rect) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draw the legend item to a given rect. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIrect\fP Rect where to paint the button 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 360 of file qwt_legend_item.cpp.
.PP
References QwtText::draw(), drawIdentifier(), identifierWidth(), QwtTextLabel::margin(), QwtPainter::metricsMap(), QwtMetricsMap::screenToLayoutX(), spacing(), and QwtTextLabel::text().
.SS "QSize QwtLegendItem::sizeHint () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Return a size hint. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtTextLabel\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 578 of file qwt_legend_item.cpp.
.PP
References QwtTextLabel::sizeHint().
.SS "bool QwtLegendItem::isChecked () const"
.PP
Return true, if the item is checked. 
.PP
Definition at line 542 of file qwt_legend_item.cpp.
.PP
References isDown().
.SS "void QwtLegendItem::setChecked (bool on)\fC [slot]\fP"
.PP
Check/Uncheck a the item
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIon\fP check/uncheck 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetItemMode()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 528 of file qwt_legend_item.cpp.
.PP
References setDown().
.SS "void QwtLegendItem::clicked ()\fC [signal]\fP"
.PP
Signal, when the legend item has been clicked. 
.PP
Referenced by setDown().
.SS "void QwtLegendItem::pressed ()\fC [signal]\fP"
.PP
Signal, when the legend item has been pressed. 
.PP
Referenced by setDown().
.SS "void QwtLegendItem::released ()\fC [signal]\fP"
.PP
Signal, when the legend item has been relased. 
.PP
Referenced by setDown().
.SS "void QwtLegendItem::checked (bool)\fC [signal]\fP"
.PP
Signal, when the legend item has been toggled. 
.PP
Referenced by setDown().
.SS "void QwtLegendItem::setDown (bool)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Set the item being down. 
.PP
Definition at line 548 of file qwt_legend_item.cpp.
.PP
References checked(), clicked(), pressed(), and released().
.PP
Referenced by keyPressEvent(), keyReleaseEvent(), mousePressEvent(), mouseReleaseEvent(), and setChecked().
.SS "bool QwtLegendItem::isDown () const\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Return true, if the item is down. 
.PP
Definition at line 572 of file qwt_legend_item.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by isChecked(), keyPressEvent(), and mousePressEvent().
.SS "void QwtLegendItem::paintEvent (QPaintEvent *)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Paint event. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtTextLabel\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 385 of file qwt_legend_item.cpp.
.PP
References QwtTextLabel::drawContents(), drawIdentifier(), and QwtTextLabel::margin().
.SS "void QwtLegendItem::mousePressEvent (QMouseEvent *)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Handle mouse press events. 
.PP
Definition at line 428 of file qwt_legend_item.cpp.
.PP
References isDown(), and setDown().
.SS "void QwtLegendItem::mouseReleaseEvent (QMouseEvent *)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Handle mouse release events. 
.PP
Definition at line 451 of file qwt_legend_item.cpp.
.PP
References setDown().
.SS "void QwtLegendItem::keyPressEvent (QKeyEvent *)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Handle key press events. 
.PP
Definition at line 473 of file qwt_legend_item.cpp.
.PP
References isDown(), and setDown().
.SS "void QwtLegendItem::keyReleaseEvent (QKeyEvent *)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Handle key release events. 
.PP
Definition at line 499 of file qwt_legend_item.cpp.
.PP
References setDown().
.SS "void QwtLegendItem::drawText (QPainter *, const QRect &)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Redraw the text. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtTextLabel\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 587 of file qwt_legend_item.cpp.
.PP
References QwtTextLabel::drawText().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
