.TH "QwtMathMLTextEngine" 3 "24 May 2008" "Version 5.1.1" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtMathMLTextEngine \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBQwtTextEngine\fP.
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Text Engine for the MathML renderer of the Qt solutions package. 

The Qt Solution package includes a renderer for MathML http://www.trolltech.com/products/qt/addon/solutions/catalog/4/Widgets/qtmmlwidget that is available for owners of a commercial Qt license. You need a version >= 2.1, that is only available for Qt4.
.PP
To enable MathML support the following code needs to be added to the application: 
.PP
.nf

#include <qwt_mathml_text_engine.h>

QwtText::setTextEngine(QwtText::MathMLText, new QwtMathMLTextEngine());
  
.fi
.PP
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtTextEngine\fP, \fBQwtText::setTextEngine\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
Unfortunately the MathML renderer doesn't support rotating of texts. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 39 of file qwt_mathml_text_engine.h.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtMathMLTextEngine\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtMathMLTextEngine\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBheightForWidth\fP (const QFont &font, int flags, const QString &text, int width) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QSize \fBtextSize\fP (const QFont &font, int flags, const QString &text) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdraw\fP (QPainter *painter, const QRect &rect, int flags, const QString &text) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBmightRender\fP (const QString &) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBtextMargins\fP (const QFont &, const QString &, int &left, int &right, int &top, int &bottom) const"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtMathMLTextEngine::QwtMathMLTextEngine ()"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 22 of file qwt_mathml_text_engine.cpp.
.SS "QwtMathMLTextEngine::~QwtMathMLTextEngine ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 27 of file qwt_mathml_text_engine.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int QwtMathMLTextEngine::heightForWidth (const QFont & font, int flags, const QString & text, int width) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Find the height for a given width
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfont\fP Font of the text 
.br
\fIflags\fP Bitwise OR of the flags used like in QPainter::drawText 
.br
\fItext\fP Text to be rendered 
.br
\fIwidth\fP Width
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Calculated height 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtTextEngine\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file qwt_mathml_text_engine.cpp.
.PP
References textSize().
.SS "QSize QwtMathMLTextEngine::textSize (const QFont & font, int flags, const QString & text) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Returns the size, that is needed to render text
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfont\fP Font of the text 
.br
\fIflags\fP Bitwise OR of the flags used like in QPainter::drawText 
.br
\fItext\fP Text to be rendered
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Caluclated size 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtTextEngine\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 56 of file qwt_mathml_text_engine.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by heightForWidth().
.SS "void QwtMathMLTextEngine::draw (QPainter * painter, const QRect & rect, int flags, const QString & text) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draw the text in a clipping rectangle
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIrect\fP Clipping rectangle 
.br
\fIflags\fP Bitwise OR of the flags like in for QPainter::drawText 
.br
\fItext\fP Text to be rendered 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtTextEngine\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 97 of file qwt_mathml_text_engine.cpp.
.SS "bool QwtMathMLTextEngine::mightRender (const QString & text) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Test if a string can be rendered by \fBQwtMathMLTextEngine\fP
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItext\fP Text to be tested 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true, if text begins with '<math>'. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtTextEngine\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 131 of file qwt_mathml_text_engine.cpp.
.SS "void QwtMathMLTextEngine::textMargins (const QFont &, const QString &, int & left, int & right, int & top, int & bottom) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Return margins around the texts
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIleft\fP Return 0 
.br
\fIright\fP Return 0 
.br
\fItop\fP Return 0 
.br
\fIbottom\fP Return 0 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtTextEngine\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 83 of file qwt_mathml_text_engine.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
