.TH "QwtPlotPicker" 3 "24 May 2008" "Version 5.1.1" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtPlotPicker \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBQwtPicker\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBQwtPlotZoomer\fP.
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBQwtPlotPicker\fP provides selections on a plot canvas. 

\fBQwtPlotPicker\fP is a \fBQwtPicker\fP tailored for selections on a plot canvas. It is set to a x-Axis and y-Axis and translates all pixel coordinates into this coodinate system. 
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file qwt_plot_picker.h.
.SS "Signals"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBselected\fP (const \fBQwtDoublePoint\fP &pos)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBselected\fP (const \fBQwtDoubleRect\fP &rect)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBselected\fP (const QwtArray< \fBQwtDoublePoint\fP > &pa)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBappended\fP (const \fBQwtDoublePoint\fP &pos)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBmoved\fP (const \fBQwtDoublePoint\fP &pos)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotPicker\fP (\fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotPicker\fP (int xAxis, int yAxis, \fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotPicker\fP (int xAxis, int yAxis, int selectionFlags, \fBRubberBand\fP rubberBand, \fBDisplayMode\fP trackerMode, \fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetAxis\fP (int xAxis, int yAxis)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBxAxis\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fByAxis\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlot\fP * \fBplot\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtPlot\fP * \fBplot\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP * \fBcanvas\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP * \fBcanvas\fP () const"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtDoubleRect\fP \fBscaleRect\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtDoubleRect\fP \fBinvTransform\fP (const QRect &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QRect \fBtransform\fP (const \fBQwtDoubleRect\fP &) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtDoublePoint\fP \fBinvTransform\fP (const QPoint &) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QPoint \fBtransform\fP (const \fBQwtDoublePoint\fP &) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBQwtText\fP \fBtrackerText\fP (const QPoint &) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBQwtText\fP \fBtrackerText\fP (const \fBQwtDoublePoint\fP &) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBmove\fP (const QPoint &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBappend\fP (const QPoint &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBend\fP (bool ok=true)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtPlotPicker::QwtPlotPicker (\fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP * canvas)\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Create a plot picker. 
.PP
The picker is set to those x- and y-axis of the plot that are enabled. If both or no x-axis are enabled, the picker is set to QwtPlot::xBottom. If both or no y-axis are enabled, it is set to QwtPlot::yLeft.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcanvas\fP Plot canvas to observe, also the parent object
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlot::autoReplot()\fP, \fBQwtPlot::replot()\fP, \fBQwtPlotPicker::scaleRect()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 32 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlot::axisEnabled(), canvas(), plot(), setAxis(), xAxis(), and yAxis().
.SS "QwtPlotPicker::QwtPlotPicker (int xAxis, int yAxis, \fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP * canvas)\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Create a plot picker
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxAxis\fP Set the x axis of the picker 
.br
\fIyAxis\fP Set the y axis of the picker 
.br
\fIcanvas\fP Plot canvas to observe, also the parent object
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlot::autoReplot()\fP, \fBQwtPlot::replot()\fP, \fBQwtPlotPicker::scaleRect()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 70 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.SS "QwtPlotPicker::QwtPlotPicker (int xAxis, int yAxis, int selectionFlags, \fBRubberBand\fP rubberBand, \fBDisplayMode\fP trackerMode, \fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP * canvas)\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Create a plot picker
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxAxis\fP X axis of the picker 
.br
\fIyAxis\fP Y axis of the picker 
.br
\fIselectionFlags\fP Or'd value of SelectionType, RectSelectionType and SelectionMode 
.br
\fIrubberBand\fP Rubberband style 
.br
\fItrackerMode\fP Tracker mode 
.br
\fIcanvas\fP Plot canvas to observe, also the parent object
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPicker\fP, \fBQwtPicker::setSelectionFlags()\fP, \fBQwtPicker::setRubberBand()\fP, \fBQwtPicker::setTrackerMode\fP
.PP
\fBQwtPlot::autoReplot()\fP, \fBQwtPlot::replot()\fP, \fBQwtPlotPicker::scaleRect()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 93 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void QwtPlotPicker::setAxis (int xAxis, int yAxis)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Set the x and y axes of the picker
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxAxis\fP X axis 
.br
\fIyAxis\fP Y axis 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented in \fBQwtPlotZoomer\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 169 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.PP
References plot().
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotPicker(), and QwtPlotZoomer::setAxis().
.SS "int QwtPlotPicker::xAxis () const"
.PP
Return x axis. 
.PP
Definition at line 183 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotPicker(), QwtPlotZoomer::rescale(), scaleRect(), and QwtPlotZoomer::setAxis().
.SS "int QwtPlotPicker::yAxis () const"
.PP
Return y axis. 
.PP
Definition at line 189 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotPicker(), QwtPlotZoomer::rescale(), scaleRect(), and QwtPlotZoomer::setAxis().
.SS "\fBQwtPlot\fP * QwtPlotPicker::plot ()"
.PP
Return plot widget, containing the observed plot canvas. 
.PP
Definition at line 119 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.PP
References canvas().
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotZoomer::end(), end(), invTransform(), QwtPlotPicker(), QwtPlotZoomer::rescale(), scaleRect(), setAxis(), QwtPlotZoomer::setZoomBase(), and transform().
.SS "const \fBQwtPlot\fP * QwtPlotPicker::plot () const"
.PP
Return plot widget, containing the observed plot canvas. 
.PP
Definition at line 133 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.SS "\fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP * QwtPlotPicker::canvas ()"
.PP
Return observed plot canvas. 
.PP
Definition at line 103 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPicker::parentWidget().
.PP
Referenced by plot(), QwtPlotPicker(), and QwtPlotZoomer::QwtPlotZoomer().
.SS "const \fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP * QwtPlotPicker::canvas () const"
.PP
Return Observed plot canvas. 
.PP
Definition at line 113 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.SS "void QwtPlotPicker::selected (const \fBQwtDoublePoint\fP & pos)\fC [signal]\fP"
.PP
A signal emitted in case of \fBselectionFlags()\fP & PointSelection. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpos\fP Selected point 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Referenced by end().
.SS "void QwtPlotPicker::selected (const \fBQwtDoubleRect\fP & rect)\fC [signal]\fP"
.PP
A signal emitted in case of \fBselectionFlags()\fP & RectSelection. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIrect\fP Selected rectangle 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotPicker::selected (const QwtArray< \fBQwtDoublePoint\fP > & pa)\fC [signal]\fP"
.PP
A signal emitting the selected points, at the end of a selection.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpa\fP Selected points 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotPicker::appended (const \fBQwtDoublePoint\fP & pos)\fC [signal]\fP"
.PP
A signal emitted when a point has been appended to the selection
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpos\fP Position of the appended point. 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBappend()\fP. \fBmoved()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Referenced by append().
.SS "void QwtPlotPicker::moved (const \fBQwtDoublePoint\fP & pos)\fC [signal]\fP"
.PP
A signal emitted whenever the last appended point of the selection has been moved.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpos\fP Position of the moved last point of the selection. 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBmove()\fP, \fBappended()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Referenced by move().
.SS "\fBQwtDoubleRect\fP QwtPlotPicker::scaleRect () const\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Return normalized bounding rect of the axes
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlot::autoReplot()\fP, \fBQwtPlot::replot()\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 143 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlot::axisScaleDiv(), QwtScaleDiv::lBound(), plot(), QwtScaleDiv::range(), xAxis(), and yAxis().
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotZoomer::rescale(), QwtPlotZoomer::setAxis(), and QwtPlotZoomer::setZoomBase().
.SS "\fBQwtDoubleRect\fP QwtPlotPicker::invTransform (const QRect & rect) const\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Translate a rectangle from pixel into plot coordinates
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Rectangle in plot coordinates 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlotPicker::transform()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 332 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlot::canvasMap(), QwtScaleMap::invTransform(), and plot().
.PP
Referenced by append(), QwtPlotZoomer::end(), end(), move(), and trackerText().
.SS "QRect QwtPlotPicker::transform (const \fBQwtDoubleRect\fP & rect) const\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Translate a rectangle from plot into pixel coordinates 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Rectangle in pixel coordinates 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlotPicker::invTransform()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 351 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlot::canvasMap(), plot(), and QwtScaleMap::transform().
.SS "\fBQwtDoublePoint\fP QwtPlotPicker::invTransform (const QPoint & pos) const\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Translate a point from pixel into plot coordinates 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Point in plot coordinates 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlotPicker::transform()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 369 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlot::canvasMap(), QwtScaleMap::invTransform(), and plot().
.SS "QPoint QwtPlotPicker::transform (const \fBQwtDoublePoint\fP & pos) const\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Translate a point from plot into pixel coordinates 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Point in pixel coordinates 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlotPicker::invTransform()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 385 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlot::canvasMap(), plot(), and QwtScaleMap::transform().
.SS "\fBQwtText\fP QwtPlotPicker::trackerText (const QPoint & pos) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Translate a pixel position into a position string
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpos\fP Position in pixel coordinates 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Position string 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPicker\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 200 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.PP
References invTransform().
.SS "\fBQwtText\fP QwtPlotPicker::trackerText (const \fBQwtDoublePoint\fP & pos) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Translate a position into a position string. 
.PP
In case of HLineRubberBand the label is the value of the y position, in case of VLineRubberBand the value of the x position. Otherwise the label contains x and y position separated by a ',' .
.PP
The format for the double to string conversion is '%.4f'.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpos\fP Position 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Position string 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 217 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPicker::rubberBand().
.SS "void QwtPlotPicker::move (const QPoint & pos)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Move the last point of the selection
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpos\fP New position 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBisActive\fP, \fBbegin()\fP, \fBend()\fP, \fBappend()\fP
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
The \fBmoved(const QPoint &)\fP, moved(const QDoublePoint &) signals are emitted. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPicker\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 259 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.PP
References invTransform(), QwtPicker::move(), and moved().
.SS "void QwtPlotPicker::append (const QPoint & pos)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Append a point to the selection and update rubberband and tracker.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpos\fP Additional point 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBisActive\fP, \fBbegin()\fP, \fBend()\fP, \fBmove()\fP, \fBappended()\fP
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
The \fBappended(const QPoint &)\fP, appended(const QDoublePoint &) signals are emitted. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPicker\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 244 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPicker::append(), appended(), and invTransform().
.SS "bool QwtPlotPicker::end (bool ok = \fCtrue\fP)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Close a selection setting the state to inactive.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIok\fP If true, complete the selection and emit selected signals otherwise discard the selection. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if the selection is accepted, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPicker\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBQwtPlotZoomer\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 273 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPicker::end(), invTransform(), plot(), selected(), QwtPicker::selection(), and QwtPicker::selectionFlags().
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotZoomer::end().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
