.TH "QwtPickerMachine" 3 "24 May 2008" "Version 5.1.1" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtPickerMachine \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherited by \fBQwtPickerClickPointMachine\fP, \fBQwtPickerClickRectMachine\fP, \fBQwtPickerDragPointMachine\fP, \fBQwtPickerDragRectMachine\fP, and \fBQwtPickerPolygonMachine\fP.
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A state machine for \fBQwtPicker\fP selections. 

\fBQwtPickerMachine\fP accepts key and mouse events and translates them into selection commands.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtEventPattern::MousePatternCode\fP, \fBQwtEventPattern::KeyPatternCode\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 32 of file qwt_picker_machine.h.
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBCommand\fP { \fBBegin\fP, \fBAppend\fP, \fBMove\fP, \fBEnd\fP }"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef QList< \fBCommand\fP > \fBCommandList\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtPickerMachine\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBCommandList\fP \fBtransition\fP (const \fBQwtEventPattern\fP &, const QEvent *)=0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBreset\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBstate\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetState\fP (int)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPickerMachine\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Member Enumeration Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBQwtPickerMachine::Command\fP"
.PP
Commands - the output of the state machine. 
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file qwt_picker_machine.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtPickerMachine::~QwtPickerMachine ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 21 of file qwt_picker_machine.cpp.
.SS "QwtPickerMachine::QwtPickerMachine ()\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 15 of file qwt_picker_machine.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual \fBCommandList\fP QwtPickerMachine::transition (const \fBQwtEventPattern\fP &, const QEvent *)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Transition. 
.PP
Implemented in \fBQwtPickerClickPointMachine\fP, \fBQwtPickerDragPointMachine\fP, \fBQwtPickerClickRectMachine\fP, \fBQwtPickerDragRectMachine\fP, and \fBQwtPickerPolygonMachine\fP.
.SS "void QwtPickerMachine::reset ()"
.PP
Set the current state to 0. 
.PP
Definition at line 38 of file qwt_picker_machine.cpp.
.PP
References setState().
.SS "int QwtPickerMachine::state () const"
.PP
Return the current state. 
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file qwt_picker_machine.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPickerPolygonMachine::transition(), QwtPickerDragRectMachine::transition(), QwtPickerClickRectMachine::transition(), and QwtPickerDragPointMachine::transition().
.SS "void QwtPickerMachine::setState (int)"
.PP
Change the current state. 
.PP
Definition at line 32 of file qwt_picker_machine.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by reset(), QwtPickerPolygonMachine::transition(), QwtPickerDragRectMachine::transition(), QwtPickerClickRectMachine::transition(), and QwtPickerDragPointMachine::transition().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
