.TH "QwtPlainTextEngine" 3 "24 May 2008" "Version 5.1.1" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtPlainTextEngine \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBQwtTextEngine\fP.
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A text engine for plain texts. 

\fBQwtPlainTextEngine\fP renders texts using the basic Qt classes QPainter and QFontMetrics. 
.PP
Definition at line 116 of file qwt_text_engine.h.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlainTextEngine\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtPlainTextEngine\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBheightForWidth\fP (const QFont &font, int flags, const QString &text, int width) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QSize \fBtextSize\fP (const QFont &font, int flags, const QString &text) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdraw\fP (QPainter *painter, const QRect &rect, int flags, const QString &text) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBmightRender\fP (const QString &) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBtextMargins\fP (const QFont &, const QString &, int &left, int &right, int &top, int &bottom) const"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtPlainTextEngine::QwtPlainTextEngine ()"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 180 of file qwt_text_engine.cpp.
.SS "QwtPlainTextEngine::~QwtPlainTextEngine ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 186 of file qwt_text_engine.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int QwtPlainTextEngine::heightForWidth (const QFont & font, int flags, const QString & text, int width) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Find the height for a given width
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfont\fP Font of the text 
.br
\fIflags\fP Bitwise OR of the flags used like in QPainter::drawText 
.br
\fItext\fP Text to be rendered 
.br
\fIwidth\fP Width
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Calculated height 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtTextEngine\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 201 of file qwt_text_engine.cpp.
.SS "QSize QwtPlainTextEngine::textSize (const QFont & font, int flags, const QString & text) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Returns the size, that is needed to render text
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfont\fP Font of the text 
.br
\fIflags\fP Bitwise OR of the flags used like in QPainter::drawText 
.br
\fItext\fP Text to be rendered
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Caluclated size 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtTextEngine\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 220 of file qwt_text_engine.cpp.
.SS "void QwtPlainTextEngine::draw (QPainter * painter, const QRect & rect, int flags, const QString & text) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draw the text in a clipping rectangle. 
.PP
A wrapper for QPainter::drawText.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIrect\fP Clipping rectangle 
.br
\fIflags\fP Bitwise OR of the flags used like in QPainter::drawText 
.br
\fItext\fP Text to be rendered 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtTextEngine\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 259 of file qwt_text_engine.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPainter::drawText().
.SS "bool QwtPlainTextEngine::mightRender (const QString &) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Test if a string can be rendered by this text engine. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Always true. All texts can be rendered by \fBQwtPlainTextEngine\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtTextEngine\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 269 of file qwt_text_engine.cpp.
.SS "void QwtPlainTextEngine::textMargins (const QFont & font, const QString &, int & left, int & right, int & top, int & bottom) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Return margins around the texts
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfont\fP Font of the text 
.br
\fIleft\fP Return 0 
.br
\fIright\fP Return 0 
.br
\fItop\fP Return value for the top margin 
.br
\fIbottom\fP Return value for the bottom margin 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtTextEngine\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 239 of file qwt_text_engine.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
