.TH "QwtPlotGrid" 3 "24 May 2008" "Version 5.1.1" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtPlotGrid \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBQwtPlotItem\fP.
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A class which draws a coordinate grid. 

The \fBQwtPlotGrid\fP class can be used to draw a coordinate grid. A coordinate grid consists of major and minor vertical and horizontal gridlines. The locations of the gridlines are determined by the X and Y scale divisions which can be assigned with \fBsetXDiv()\fP and \fBsetYDiv()\fP. The \fBdraw()\fP member draws the grid within a bounding rectangle. 
.PP
Definition at line 34 of file qwt_plot_grid.h.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotGrid\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtPlotGrid\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBrtti\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBenableX\fP (bool tf)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBxEnabled\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBenableY\fP (bool tf)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fByEnabled\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBenableXMin\fP (bool tf)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBxMinEnabled\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBenableYMin\fP (bool tf)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fByMinEnabled\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetXDiv\fP (const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP &sx)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP & \fBxScaleDiv\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetYDiv\fP (const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP &sy)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP & \fByScaleDiv\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetPen\fP (const QPen &p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetMajPen\fP (const QPen &p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const QPen & \fBmajPen\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetMinPen\fP (const QPen &p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const QPen & \fBminPen\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdraw\fP (QPainter *p, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &yMap, const QRect &rect) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBupdateScaleDiv\fP (const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP &xMap, const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP &yMap)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtPlotGrid::QwtPlotGrid ()\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Enables major grid, disables minor grid. 
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlotItem::setZ().
.SS "QwtPlotGrid::~QwtPlotGrid ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int QwtPlotGrid::rtti () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
QwtPlotItem::Rtti_PlotGrid 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPlotItem\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 56 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.SS "void QwtPlotGrid::enableX (bool tf)"
.PP
Enable or disable vertical gridlines. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItf\fP Enable (true) or disable
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
Minor gridlines can be enabled or disabled with \fBenableXMin()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 68 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlotItem::itemChanged().
.SS "bool QwtPlotGrid::xEnabled () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if vertical gridlines are enabled 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBenableX()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 289 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.SS "void QwtPlotGrid::enableY (bool tf)"
.PP
Enable or disable horizontal gridlines. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItf\fP Enable (true) or disable 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
Minor gridlines can be enabled or disabled with \fBenableYMin()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 82 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlotItem::itemChanged().
.SS "bool QwtPlotGrid::yEnabled () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if horizontal gridlines are enabled 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBenableY()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 307 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.SS "void QwtPlotGrid::enableXMin (bool tf)"
.PP
Enable or disable minor vertical gridlines. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItf\fP Enable (true) or disable 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBenableX()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 96 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlotItem::itemChanged().
.SS "bool QwtPlotGrid::xMinEnabled () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if minor vertical gridlines are enabled 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBenableXMin()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 298 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.SS "void QwtPlotGrid::enableYMin (bool tf)"
.PP
Enable or disable minor horizontal gridlines. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItf\fP Enable (true) or disable 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBenableY()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 110 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlotItem::itemChanged().
.SS "bool QwtPlotGrid::yMinEnabled () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if minor horizontal gridlines are enabled 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBenableYMin()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 316 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.SS "void QwtPlotGrid::setXDiv (const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP & scaleDiv)"
.PP
Assign an x axis scale division. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIscaleDiv\fP Scale division 
.RE
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlotGrid\fP uses implicit sharing (see Qt Manual) for the scale divisions. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 125 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlotItem::itemChanged().
.PP
Referenced by updateScaleDiv().
.SS "const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP & QwtPlotGrid::xScaleDiv () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the scale division of the x axis 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 323 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.SS "void QwtPlotGrid::setYDiv (const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP & sy)"
.PP
Assign a y axis division. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsy\fP Scale division 
.RE
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlotGrid\fP uses implicit sharing (see Qt Manual) for the scale divisions. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 140 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlotItem::itemChanged().
.PP
Referenced by updateScaleDiv().
.SS "const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP & QwtPlotGrid::yScaleDiv () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the scale division of the y axis 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 329 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.SS "void QwtPlotGrid::setPen (const QPen & p)"
.PP
Assign a pen for both major and minor gridlines. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIp\fP Pen 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetMajPen()\fP, \fBsetMinPen()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 154 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlotItem::itemChanged().
.SS "void QwtPlotGrid::setMajPen (const QPen & p)"
.PP
Assign a pen for the major gridlines. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIp\fP Pen 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBmajPen()\fP, \fBsetMinPen()\fP, \fBsetPen()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 169 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlotItem::itemChanged().
.SS "const QPen & QwtPlotGrid::majPen () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the pen for the major gridlines 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetMajPen()\fP, \fBsetMinPen()\fP, \fBsetPen()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 271 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.SS "void QwtPlotGrid::setMinPen (const QPen & p)"
.PP
Assign a pen for the minor gridlines. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIp\fP Pen 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 182 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlotItem::itemChanged().
.SS "const QPen & QwtPlotGrid::minPen () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the pen for the minor gridlines 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetMinPen()\fP, \fBsetMajPen()\fP, \fBsetPen()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 280 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.SS "void QwtPlotGrid::draw (QPainter * painter, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & yMap, const QRect & canvasRect) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draw the grid. 
.PP
The grid is drawn into the bounding rectangle such that gridlines begin and end at the rectangle's borders. The X and Y maps are used to map the scale divisions into the drawing region screen. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIxMap\fP X axis map 
.br
\fIyMap\fP Y axis 
.br
\fIcanvasRect\fP Contents rect of the plot canvas 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtPlotItem\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 203 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.SS "void QwtPlotGrid::updateScaleDiv (const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP & xMap, const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP & yMap)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Update the item to changes of the axes scale division. 
.PP
Update the item, when the axes of plot have changed. The default implementation does nothing, but items that depend on the scale division (like \fBQwtPlotGrid()\fP) have to reimplement \fBupdateScaleDiv()\fP
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxScaleDiv\fP Scale division of the x-axis 
.br
\fIyScaleDiv\fP Scale division of the y-axis
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlot::updateAxes()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPlotItem\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 334 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.PP
References setXDiv(), and setYDiv().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
