.TH "QwtPlotDict" 3 "24 May 2008" "Version 5.1.1" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtPlotDict \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherited by \fBQwtPlot\fP.
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A dictionary for plot items. 

\fBQwtPlotDict\fP organizes plot items in increasing z-order. If \fBautoDelete()\fP is enabled, all attached items will be deleted in the destructor of the dictionary.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlotItem::attach()\fP, \fBQwtPlotItem::detach()\fP, \fBQwtPlotItem::z()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 42 of file qwt_plot_dict.h.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotDict\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~QwtPlotDict\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetAutoDelete\fP (bool)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBautoDelete\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtPlotItemList\fP & \fBitemList\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdetachItems\fP (int rtti=QwtPlotItem::Rtti_PlotItem, bool autoDelete=true)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBQwtPlotItem\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtPlotDict::QwtPlotDict ()\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Constructor
.PP
Auto deletion is enabled. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetAutoDelete\fP, attachItem 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 94 of file qwt_plot_dict.cpp.
.SS "QwtPlotDict::~QwtPlotDict ()"
.PP
Destructor
.PP
If autoDelete is on, all attached items will be deleted 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetAutoDelete\fP, \fBautoDelete\fP, attachItem 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 106 of file qwt_plot_dict.cpp.
.PP
References detachItems().
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void QwtPlotDict::setAutoDelete (bool autoDelete)"
.PP
En/Disable Auto deletion
.PP
If Auto deletion is on all attached plot items will be deleted in the destructor of \fBQwtPlotDict\fP. The default value is on.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBautoDelete\fP, attachItem 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 120 of file qwt_plot_dict.cpp.
.SS "bool QwtPlotDict::autoDelete () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if auto deletion is enabled 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetAutoDelete\fP, attachItem 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 129 of file qwt_plot_dict.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlot::~QwtPlot().
.SS "const \fBQwtPlotItemList\fP & QwtPlotDict::itemList () const"
.PP
A QwtPlotItemList of all attached plot items. 
.PP
Use caution when iterating these lists, as removing/detaching an item will invalidate the iterator. Instead you can place pointers to objects to be removed in a removal list, and traverse that list later. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
List of all attached plot items. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 186 of file qwt_plot_dict.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotPrintFilter::apply(), QwtPlot::drawItems(), QwtPlot::insertLegend(), QwtPlotPrintFilter::reset(), and QwtPlot::updateAxes().
.SS "void QwtPlotDict::detachItems (int rtti = \fCQwtPlotItem::Rtti_PlotItem\fP, bool autoDelete = \fCtrue\fP)"
.PP
Detach items from the dictionary
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIrtti\fP In case of QwtPlotItem::Rtti_PlotItem detach all items otherwise only those items of the type rtti. 
.br
\fIautoDelete\fP If true, delete all detached items 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 161 of file qwt_plot_dict.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlot::clear(), QwtPlot::~QwtPlot(), and ~QwtPlotDict().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
