.TH "QwtScaleWidget" 3 "24 May 2008" "Version 5.1.1" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtScaleWidget \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A Widget which contains a scale. 

This Widget can be used to decorate composite widgets with a scale. 
.PP
Definition at line 34 of file qwt_scale_widget.h.
.SS "Signals"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBscaleDivChanged\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtScaleWidget\fP (QWidget *parent=NULL)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtScaleWidget\fP (\fBQwtScaleDraw::Alignment\fP, QWidget *parent=NULL)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtScaleWidget\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetTitle\fP (const QString &title)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetTitle\fP (const \fBQwtText\fP &title)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtText\fP \fBtitle\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetBorderDist\fP (int start, int end)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBstartBorderDist\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBendBorderDist\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBgetBorderDistHint\fP (int &start, int &end) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBgetMinBorderDist\fP (int &start, int &end) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetMinBorderDist\fP (int start, int end)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetMargin\fP (int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmargin\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetSpacing\fP (int td)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBspacing\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetPenWidth\fP (int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBpenWidth\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetScaleDiv\fP (\fBQwtScaleTransformation\fP *, const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP &sd)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetScaleDraw\fP (\fBQwtScaleDraw\fP *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtScaleDraw\fP * \fBscaleDraw\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtScaleDraw\fP * \fBscaleDraw\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetLabelAlignment\fP (Qt::Alignment)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetLabelRotation\fP (double rotation)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetColorBarEnabled\fP (bool)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisColorBarEnabled\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetColorBarWidth\fP (int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcolorBarWidth\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetColorMap\fP (const \fBQwtDoubleInterval\fP &, const \fBQwtColorMap\fP &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtDoubleInterval\fP \fBcolorBarInterval\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtColorMap\fP & \fBcolorMap\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QSize \fBsizeHint\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QSize \fBminimumSizeHint\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBtitleHeightForWidth\fP (int width) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdimForLength\fP (int length, const QFont &scaleFont) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdrawColorBar\fP (QPainter *painter, const QRect &rect) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdrawTitle\fP (QPainter *painter, \fBQwtScaleDraw::Alignment\fP, const QRect &rect) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetAlignment\fP (\fBQwtScaleDraw::Alignment\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtScaleDraw::Alignment\fP \fBalignment\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QRect \fBcolorBarRect\fP (const QRect &) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBpaintEvent\fP (QPaintEvent *e)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBresizeEvent\fP (QResizeEvent *e)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdraw\fP (QPainter *p) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBscaleChange\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBlayoutScale\fP (bool update=true)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtScaleWidget::QwtScaleWidget (QWidget * parent = \fCNULL\fP)\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Create a scale with the position QwtScaleWidget::Left. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIparent\fP Parent widget 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 63 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.SS "QwtScaleWidget::QwtScaleWidget (\fBQwtScaleDraw::Alignment\fP align, QWidget * parent = \fCNULL\fP)\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIalign\fP Alignment. 
.br
\fIparent\fP Parent widget 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 87 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.SS "QwtScaleWidget::~QwtScaleWidget ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 95 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void QwtScaleWidget::scaleDivChanged ()\fC [signal]\fP"
.PP
Signal emitted, whenever the scale divison changes. 
.PP
Referenced by setScaleDiv().
.SS "void QwtScaleWidget::setTitle (const \fBQwtText\fP & title)"
.PP
Give title new text contents. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItitle\fP New title 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtScaleWidget::title\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
The title flags are interpreted in direction of the label, AlignTop, AlignBottom can't be set as the title will always be aligned to the scale. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 167 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.PP
References layoutScale(), QwtText::renderFlags(), QwtText::setRenderFlags(), and title().
.SS "\fBQwtText\fP QwtScaleWidget::title () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
title 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtScaleWidget::setTitle\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 357 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotPrintFilter::apply(), QwtPlot::axisTitle(), drawTitle(), and setTitle().
.SS "void QwtScaleWidget::setBorderDist (int dist1, int dist2)"
.PP
Specify distances of the scale's endpoints from the widget's borders. The actual borders will never be less than minimum border distance. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdist1\fP Left or top Distance 
.br
\fIdist2\fP Right or bottom distance 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
QwtScaleWidget::borderDist 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 233 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.PP
References layoutScale().
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlot::updateAxes().
.SS "int QwtScaleWidget::startBorderDist () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
start border distance 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtScaleWidget::setBorderDist\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 366 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlot::canvasMap(), and QwtPlot::print().
.SS "int QwtScaleWidget::endBorderDist () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
end border distance 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtScaleWidget::setBorderDist\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 375 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlot::canvasMap(), and QwtPlot::print().
.SS "void QwtScaleWidget::getBorderDistHint (int & start, int & end) const"
.PP
Calculate a hint for the border distances. 
.PP
This member function calculates the distance of the scale's endpoints from the widget borders which is required for the mark labels to fit into the widget. The maximum of this distance an the minimum border distance is returned.
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
.PD 0
.IP "\(bu" 2
The minimum border distance depends on the font.
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetMinBorderDist()\fP, \fBgetMinBorderDist()\fP, \fBsetBorderDist()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 774 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by layoutScale(), minimumSizeHint(), and QwtPlot::updateAxes().
.SS "void QwtScaleWidget::getMinBorderDist (int & start, int & end) const"
.PP
Get the minimum value for the distances of the scale's endpoints from the widget borders.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetMinBorderDist()\fP, \fBgetBorderDistHint()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 805 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.SS "void QwtScaleWidget::setMinBorderDist (int start, int end)"
.PP
Set a minimum value for the distances of the scale's endpoints from the widget borders. This is useful to avoid that the scales are 'jumping', when the tick labels or their positions change often.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBgetMinBorderDist()\fP, \fBgetBorderDistHint()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 793 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.SS "void QwtScaleWidget::setMargin (int margin)"
.PP
Specify the margin to the colorBar/base line. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImargin\fP Margin 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtScaleWidget::margin\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 248 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.PP
References layoutScale().
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlot::print().
.SS "int QwtScaleWidget::margin () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
margin 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtScaleWidget::setMargin\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 384 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlot::print().
.SS "void QwtScaleWidget::setSpacing (int spacing)"
.PP
Specify the distance between color bar, scale and title. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIspacing\fP Spacing 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtScaleWidget::spacing\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 263 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.PP
References layoutScale().
.SS "int QwtScaleWidget::spacing () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
distance between scale and title 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtScaleWidget::setMargin\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 393 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlot::printScale().
.SS "void QwtScaleWidget::setPenWidth (int width)"
.PP
Specify the width of the scale pen. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIwidth\fP Pen width 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtScaleWidget::penWidth\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 278 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.PP
References layoutScale().
.SS "int QwtScaleWidget::penWidth () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Scale pen width 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtScaleWidget::setPenWidth\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 402 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlot::printScale().
.SS "void QwtScaleWidget::setScaleDiv (\fBQwtScaleTransformation\fP * transformation, const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP & scaleDiv)"
.PP
Assign a scale division. 
.PP
The scale division determines where to set the tick marks.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItransformation\fP Transformation, needed to translate between scale and pixal values 
.br
\fIscaleDiv\fP Scale Division 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
For more information about scale divisions, see \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 839 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.PP
References layoutScale(), QwtAbstractScaleDraw::map(), QwtAbstractScaleDraw::scaleDiv(), scaleDivChanged(), QwtAbstractScaleDraw::setScaleDiv(), QwtAbstractScaleDraw::setTransformation(), QwtScaleMap::transformation(), and QwtScaleTransformation::type().
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlot::updateAxes().
.SS "void QwtScaleWidget::setScaleDraw (\fBQwtScaleDraw\fP *)"
.PP
Set a scale draw sd has to be created with new and will be deleted in QwtScaleWidget::~QwtScale or the next call of \fBQwtScaleWidget::setScaleDraw\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 321 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.PP
References layoutScale(), and QwtScaleDraw::setAlignment().
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlot::setAxisScaleDraw().
.SS "const \fBQwtScaleDraw\fP * QwtScaleWidget::scaleDraw () const"
.PP
scaleDraw of this scale 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
QwtScaleDraw::setScaleDraw 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 339 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by alignment(), QwtPlot::axisScaleDraw(), QwtPlot::printScale(), and QwtPlot::sizeHint().
.SS "\fBQwtScaleDraw\fP * QwtScaleWidget::scaleDraw ()"
.PP
scaleDraw of this scale 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
QwtScaleDraw::setScaleDraw 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 348 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.SS "void QwtScaleWidget::setLabelAlignment (Qt::Alignment alignment)"
.PP
Change the alignment for the labels. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtScaleDraw::setLabelAlignment()\fP, \fBQwtScaleWidget::setLabelRotation()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 298 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.SS "void QwtScaleWidget::setLabelRotation (double rotation)"
.PP
Change the rotation for the labels. See \fBQwtScaleDraw::setLabelRotation()\fP. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtScaleDraw::setLabelRotation()\fP, QwtScaleWidget::setLabelFlags() 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 310 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.PP
References layoutScale().
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlot::setAxisLabelRotation().
.SS "QSize QwtScaleWidget::sizeHint () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
a size hint 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 689 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.PP
References minimumSizeHint().
.SS "QSize QwtScaleWidget::minimumSizeHint () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
a minimum size hint 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 697 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.PP
References dimForLength(), and getBorderDistHint().
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotLayout::minimumSizeHint(), sizeHint(), and QwtPlot::sizeHint().
.SS "int QwtScaleWidget::titleHeightForWidth (int width) const"
.PP
Find the height of the title for a given width. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIwidth\fP Width 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
height Height 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 732 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by dimForLength().
.SS "int QwtScaleWidget::dimForLength (int length, const QFont & scaleFont) const"
.PP
Find the minimum dimension for a given length. dim is the height, length the width seen in direction of the title. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIlength\fP width for horizontal, height for vertical scales 
.br
\fIscaleFont\fP Font of the scale 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
height for horizontal, width for vertical scales 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 746 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.PP
References titleHeightForWidth().
.PP
Referenced by minimumSizeHint().
.SS "void QwtScaleWidget::drawTitle (QPainter * painter, \fBQwtScaleDraw::Alignment\fP align, const QRect & rect) const"
.PP
Rotate and paint a title according to its position into a given rectangle. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIalign\fP Alignment 
.br
\fIrect\fP Bounding rectangle 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 621 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.PP
References QwtText::draw(), QwtText::setRenderFlags(), and title().
.PP
Referenced by draw(), and QwtPlot::printScale().
.SS "void QwtScaleWidget::setAlignment (\fBQwtScaleDraw::Alignment\fP alignment)"
.PP
Change the alignment
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIalignment\fP New alignment 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtScaleWidget::alignment\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 186 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.PP
References layoutScale().
.SS "\fBQwtScaleDraw::Alignment\fP QwtScaleWidget::alignment () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
position 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
QwtScaleWidget::setPosition 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 217 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.PP
References QwtScaleDraw::alignment(), and scaleDraw().
.SS "void QwtScaleWidget::paintEvent (QPaintEvent * e)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
paintEvent 
.PP
Definition at line 409 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.PP
References draw().
.SS "void QwtScaleWidget::resizeEvent (QResizeEvent * e)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
resizeEvent 
.PP
Definition at line 541 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.PP
References layoutScale().
.SS "void QwtScaleWidget::draw (QPainter * p) const\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
draw the scale 
.PP
Definition at line 427 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.PP
References colorBarRect(), drawColorBar(), and drawTitle().
.PP
Referenced by paintEvent().
.SS "void QwtScaleWidget::scaleChange ()\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Notify a change of the scale. 
.PP
This virtual function can be overloaded by derived classes. The default implementation updates the geometry and repaints the widget. 
.PP
Definition at line 681 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.PP
References layoutScale().
.SS "void QwtScaleWidget::layoutScale (bool update = \fCtrue\fP)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Recalculate the scale's geometry and layout based on. 
.PP
Definition at line 551 of file qwt_scale_widget.cpp.
.PP
References colorBarWidth(), and getBorderDistHint().
.PP
Referenced by resizeEvent(), scaleChange(), setAlignment(), setBorderDist(), setColorBarEnabled(), setColorBarWidth(), setColorMap(), setLabelRotation(), setMargin(), setPenWidth(), setScaleDiv(), setScaleDraw(), setSpacing(), and setTitle().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
