.TH "QwtSimpleCompassRose" 3 "24 May 2008" "Version 5.1.1" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtSimpleCompassRose \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBQwtCompassRose\fP.
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A simple rose for \fBQwtCompass\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 49 of file qwt_compass_rose.h.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtSimpleCompassRose\fP (int numThorns=8, int numThornLevels=-1)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetWidth\fP (double w)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBwidth\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetNumThorns\fP (int count)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumThorns\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetNumThornLevels\fP (int count)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumThornLevels\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetShrinkFactor\fP (double factor)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBshrinkFactor\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdraw\fP (QPainter *, const QPoint &center, int radius, double north, QPalette::ColorGroup=QPalette::Active) const"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBdrawRose\fP (QPainter *, const QPalette &, const QPoint &center, int radius, double origin, double width, int numThorns, int numThornLevels, double shrinkFactor)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtSimpleCompassRose::QwtSimpleCompassRose (int numThorns = \fC8\fP, int numThornLevels = \fC-1\fP)"
.PP
Constructor
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInumThorns\fP Number of thorns 
.br
\fInumThornLevels\fP Number of thorn levels 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 61 of file qwt_compass_rose.cpp.
.PP
References QwtCompassRose::palette(), and QwtCompassRose::setPalette().
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void QwtSimpleCompassRose::setWidth (double width)"
.PP
Set the width of the rose heads. Lower value make thinner heads. The range is limited from 0.03 to 0.4.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIwidth\fP Width 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 226 of file qwt_compass_rose.cpp.
.SS "void QwtSimpleCompassRose::setNumThorns (int numThorns)"
.PP
Set the number of thorns on one level The number is aligned to a multiple of 4, with a minimum of 4
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInumThorns\fP Number of thorns 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBnumThorns()\fP, \fBsetNumThornLevels()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 243 of file qwt_compass_rose.cpp.
.SS "int QwtSimpleCompassRose::numThorns () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Number of thorns 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetNumThorns()\fP, \fBsetNumThornLevels()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 258 of file qwt_compass_rose.cpp.
.SS "void QwtSimpleCompassRose::setNumThornLevels (int numThornLevels)"
.PP
Set the of thorns levels
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInumThornLevels\fP Number of thorns levels 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetNumThorns()\fP, \fBnumThornLevels()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 269 of file qwt_compass_rose.cpp.
.SS "int QwtSimpleCompassRose::numThornLevels () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Number of thorn levels 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetNumThorns()\fP, \fBsetNumThornLevels()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 278 of file qwt_compass_rose.cpp.
.SS "void QwtSimpleCompassRose::draw (QPainter * painter, const QPoint & center, int radius, double north, QPalette::ColorGroup cg = \fCQPalette::Active\fP) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draw the rose
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIcenter\fP Center point 
.br
\fIradius\fP Radius of the rose 
.br
\fInorth\fP Position 
.br
\fIcg\fP Color group 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtCompassRose\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 98 of file qwt_compass_rose.cpp.
.PP
References drawRose(), and QwtCompassRose::palette().
.SS "void QwtSimpleCompassRose::drawRose (QPainter * painter, const QPalette & palette, const QPoint & center, int radius, double north, double width, int numThorns, int numThornLevels, double shrinkFactor)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Draw the rose
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIpalette\fP Palette 
.br
\fIcenter\fP Center of the rose 
.br
\fIradius\fP Radius of the rose 
.br
\fInorth\fP Position pointing to north 
.br
\fIwidth\fP Width of the rose 
.br
\fInumThorns\fP Number of thorns 
.br
\fInumThornLevels\fP Number of thorn levels 
.br
\fIshrinkFactor\fP Factor to shrink the thorns with each level 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 136 of file qwt_compass_rose.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by draw().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
